# [Specifying multiple paths or types in Front Matter Defaults scope.](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help/issues/131)

> state: **open** opened by: **** on: ****

The [documentation][1] does not explain how to do it, or if it even possible.

* How can I specify default values for pages matching more than one path? (e.g. both &#x60;about.html&#x60; and &#x60;index.html&#x60;)

* How can I specify multiple types? (e.g. setting the same value for both &#x60;posts&#x60; and &#x60;drafts&#x60;)

* Does the path support wildcards? How is it matched? (i.e. &#x60;index.html&#x60; matches this file on any directory or a single one? How to match it on any directory? Will &#x60;foobar/&#x60; match multiple files?)

----

My use-case: I want to set a value for all posts and drafts (since they are essentially the same).

I also wanted to set some values using wildcards such as &#x60;*.svg&#x60;, or &#x60;index.html&#x60; on any directory, or &#x60;foobar/*&#x60; (any file inside &#x60;foobar/&#x60;).

I&#x27;m stuck because I don&#x27;t know if such things are possible, and neither how to write them.

[1]: http://jekyllrb.com/docs/configuration/#front-matter-defaults

### Comments

---
> from: [**kleinfreund**](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help/issues/131#issuecomment-52597777) on: **Tuesday, August 19, 2014**

&gt; How can I specify multiple types? (e.g. setting the same value for both posts and drafts)

I’m not sure if the type &#x60;drafts&#x60; is even valid. Drafts are just posts that are not published (and not even generated by Jekyll). Front matter defaults won’t have any effect on them.

&gt; I also wanted to set some values using wildcards such as *.svg, or index.html on any directory, or foobar/* (any file inside foobar/).

Also &#x60;path: foobar&#x60; matches every thing Jekyll recognizes as a document. However I found myself respecifying the same values with &#x60;path: foobar/_posts&#x60; to get it to work with posts in a subdirectoy.

&gt; How can I specify default values for pages matching more than one path? (e.g. both about.html and index.html)

How is this possible? You either have &#x60;/about/index.html&#x60; or &#x60;/about.html&#x60;. If you have both, you probably have two different pages for these.
---
> from: [**denilsonsa**](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help/issues/131#issuecomment-52654123) on: **Tuesday, August 19, 2014**

Drafts behave like published posts if I run with &#x60;--drafts&#x60; flag. Also, the documentation says:

&gt; The different types that are available to you are &#x60;pages&#x60;, &#x60;posts&#x60;, &#x60;drafts&#x60; or any collection in your site.

If &#x60;drafts&#x60; is not valid, then the documentation should be updated.

---

&gt; How can I specify default values for pages matching more than one path? (e.g. both about.html and index.html)

I guess I was not clear, sorry. Suppose I want to set a couple of variables for multiple pages. For instance I have &#x60;about.html&#x60;, &#x60;index.html&#x60;, &#x60;foobar.html&#x60; and I want to set the same variables to them. What is the syntax?
