# [URLs not being properly formatted - contain commas](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help/issues/227)

> state: **open** opened by: **** on: ****

Hi

I have two questions (I have checked the docs and other issues but cannot find a solution to this).

1. I have created separate layout files (in &#x60;_layouts/&#x60;) for a default site-wide page style, and non-discussion posts and discussion posts (posts with Disqus comments enabled).  Specifically, pages follow the default layout specified in &#x60;default.html&#x60; which is standard, and non-discussion posts follow the standard &#x60;post.html&#x60; layout.  But the &#x60;discussion_posts&#x60; style were defined in &#x60;_config.yml&#x60; in the following way:
&#x60;&#x60;&#x60;
    defaults:  
    -
      scope:
        path: &quot;/_posts/&quot;
        type: &quot;posts&quot;
      values:
        layout: &quot;discussion_posts&quot;
        author: &quot;Sandeep Murthy&quot;
    -    
      scope:
        path: &quot;.&quot;
        type: &quot;pages&quot;
      values:
        layout: &quot;default&quot;
        author: &quot;Sandeep Murthy&quot;
&#x60;&#x60;&#x60;
I&#x27;m not quite clear about the path key?  I am trying to specify a relative path (relative to the root of the repo) but I am not quite clear if this is causing my problem.  This may be linked to how the URLs are appearing incorrectly.  For example, my &#x60;index.html&#x60; contains a list of posts, this is generated by liquid code which loops over &#x60;site.posts&#x60;. The code is

    &lt;ul class=&quot;post-list&quot;&gt;
       {% for post in site.posts %}
         &lt;li&gt;
           &lt;span class=&quot;post-meta&quot;&gt;{{ post.date | date: &quot;%b %-d, %Y&quot; }}&lt;/span&gt;

           &lt;h2&gt;
             &lt;a class=&quot;post-link&quot; href=&quot;{{ site.url }}/{{ post.url }}&quot;#disqus_thread&gt;{{ post.title }}&lt;/a&gt;
           &lt;/h2&gt;
         &lt;/li&gt;
       {% endfor %}
     &lt;/ul&gt;

The &#x60;site.url&#x60; is set to &#x60;http://localhost:4000&#x60; in &#x60;_config.yml&#x60; when I&#x27;m testing the site locally.  This code displays the posts (there is only one right now) as

    http://localhost:4000//blog,/first/post,/jekyll,/codefree,/2015/2015/01/01/first-post.html

The post name is &#x60;2015-01-01-first-post.md&#x60;, which exists in the root of the repo, and as you can see above, there are commas separating them.

Why is this happening?  Is there a simpler way of outputting the URLs?  Thanks in advance.

### Comments

---
> from: [**troyswanson**](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help/issues/227#issuecomment-68659674) on: **Sunday, January 04, 2015**

This is some pretty strange behavior that can probably be explained by a wayward bit of code somewhere. Would it be possible for you to post a link to the repo that this site uses?
---
> from: [**sr-murthy**](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help/issues/227#issuecomment-68662426) on: **Sunday, January 04, 2015**

Yes, https://github.com/sr-murthy/sr-murthy.github.io.


---
> from: [**sr-murthy**](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help/issues/227#issuecomment-68691267) on: **Monday, January 05, 2015**

I should add that I am fairly new to liquid, YAML (and jekyll) and this line is perhaps the problem:

    &lt;a class=&quot;post-link&quot; href=&quot;{{ site.url }}/{{ post.url }}&quot;#disqus_thread&gt;{{ post.title }}&lt;/a&gt;

What should &#x60;post.url&#x60; look like - it&#x27;s not what I&#x27;m expecting, but this line is standard in &#x60;index.html&#x60; when you start a jekyll site.  It would be helpful if jekyll docs define the full list of attributes of &#x60;post&#x60; and all other variables [this page](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/variables/).
---
> from: [**sr-murthy**](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help/issues/227#issuecomment-68960563) on: **Tuesday, January 06, 2015**

Fixed.
---
> from: [**troyswanson**](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help/issues/227#issuecomment-69063299) on: **Wednesday, January 07, 2015**

Can you post the fix that you found so that others with a similar problem can reference? Sorry I wasn&#x27;t able to dig deeper into your issue to help, by the way. Been really busy :confounded: 
---
> from: [**sr-murthy**](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help/issues/227#issuecomment-69069698) on: **Wednesday, January 07, 2015**

Hi

it&#x27;s not quite fixed actually, but there&#x27;s a related problem with permalinks which is the real problem - that. 

Sandeep.
